## README file for coal_coatis

### Brief description: 
This folder conatins a set of scripts that were created by group 3 in weeks 2,3 and 6.

### Languages: 
Python 3.10.6, R 4.1.2, bash

### Dependencies: 
Dependencies are listed in weekly folders.

### Project structure and Usage: 

#### week 2

*align_seq_fasta.py* - Script to align two sequences after taking an input from user. It outputs one one best alignment in .csv format. If no input is provided it will run with defaults.

*align_seq_better.py* - Script to align two sequences after taking an input from user. It saves all the best alignments in binary format. If no input is provided the script will run with default arguements. 

*oaks_debugme_groupwork.py* - This script checks whether the TestOaksData.csv input file contains a header, prints tree species and saves only the oak species. 

##### Dependencies:

*sys* - used for taking the input parameter from command line

*csv* - used for reading and writing comma separated files

*re* - for using regular expressions in python

*pickle* - used for reading and writing binary files in python

*doctest* - used for running doctests on a python module

#### week 3

*PP_regress_loc.R* - The linear regression relationship between the predator mass and prey mass is examined, and the analysis is separate by the dataset's *Location* field.

*TAutoCorr.R* - The source script to answer the question: "Are temperatures of one year significantly correlated with the next year (successive years), across years in a given location?"

*FloridaYears.tex* - The interpretation of the results generated by the script *TAutoCorr.R*.

*get_TreeHeight.R* - This script takes the input from the command line and saves the output in the results directory. The dataset *trees.csv* is used as an example.

*get_TreeHeight.py* - This is the Python version of the above script.

*run_get_TreeHeight.sh* - The shell script runs the above two scripts with the default input, which is the *trees.csv* in the data directory.

##### Dependencies:

*sys* - used for taking the input parameter from command line

*os* - used to split the string of input and eliminate the extension in R

*pandas* - for csv reading

*numpy* - for mathematical operation when defining the tree height

*tools* - used to split the string of input and eliminate the extension in Python

*tidyverse* - for selecting data and subsetting

#### week 6

### Contact: 
+ Aditi Madkaikar; arm122@ic.ac.uk
+ Agnes Szwarczynska; aas122@ic.ac.uk
+ Ruth Brown; ruth.brown2222@imperial.ac.uk
+ Xuan Wang; xuan.wang22@imperial.ac.uk
+ Shengge Tong, shengge.tong22@imperial.ac.uk
